bootstrap/instructorNotes.md, before:

## WHat is the length of the course

Length of course is 5 weeks

## What is the portfolio project bs course project

Portfolio project is a project you will build on your own. It will be unique. It is not the same as course project.

## What is the difference between rem and em ?

While em is relative to the font-size of its direct or nearest parent, rem is only relative to the html (root) font-size.
The reason why using relative units is beneficial is beacuse it improves accessability for the user. The user can change the
font size of the page directly from google settings.

## Difference between location based bread crumbs and attribute bread cumbs

1. location bread crumbs = bestbuy.com
2. attribute bread crumbs = https://www.tmlewin.com

## What is the difference between using an icon font cs Roster Img ?

Icon fonts and SVG are the new standard in web development. However, SVG's are becoming the standard due to its smaller file size. The browser does not have to import large text files when importing SVG's. SVG's are composed entirely of code making them easier to work with.

Commit message:

added instructions on how to remove node+modules in github

bootstrap/instructorNotes.md, after:

## WHat is the length of the course

Length of course is 5 weeks

## What is the portfolio project bs course project

Portfolio project is a project you will build on your own. It will be unique. It is not the same as course project.

## What is the difference between rem and em ?

While em is relative to the font-size of its direct or nearest parent, rem is only relative to the html (root) font-size.
The reason why using relative units is beneficial is beacuse it improves accessability for the user. The user can change the
font size of the page directly from google settings.

## Difference between location based bread crumbs and attribute bread cumbs

1. location bread crumbs = bestbuy.com
2. attribute bread crumbs = https://www.tmlewin.com

## What is the difference between using an icon font cs Roster Img ?

Icon fonts and SVG are the new standard in web development. However, SVG's are becoming the standard due to its smaller file size. The browser does not have to import large text files when importing SVG's. SVG's are composed entirely of code making them easier to work with.

## How to remove Node_Modules from github

Follow this instruction and it should remove the node_module folder
https://gist.github.com/lmcneel/45594e550a3403d589bdcaad38138a83
